1.	What is Tree?
A tree is similar to a linked list because it is a collection of nodes that point to one another. Unlike Linked list,
trees point to in a non-linear fashion and can point to more than one node

2.	Why do we use Tree? Where can we sue tree data structure?
We use trees because they organize our data in an order of rank in a non-linear way,
 because of this structure we are able to search for data faster, with binary search is O (logn).
 Trees can be used to index data (has fast retrieval). Trees can also be used to break down complex tasks into a smaller set of sub-tasks.
 Token based authentication w/ dependency.

3.	Can you list several types of tree data structure?
There are Strict binary trees, Full binary tree and Complete binary trees.

a.	Strict Binary Trees- each Node has 2 children or no children
b.	Full Binary Tree - each node has 2 children and leafs are at the same level
c.	Complete Binary tree- Every level but last is filled, filled from left to right.

4.	What is Binary Tree?
Binary Tree- A binary tree has 0, 1 or two children. Cannot have more than two children.

5.	What is binary search tree (BST)?
Binary Search Tree is a node-based binary tree data structure

•	The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys lesser than the node’s key.
•	The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than the node’s key.
•	The left and right subtree each must also be a binary search tree.

6.	What are Leaves, Depth and Height?
Leave - is a node with no children
Depth: The depth of the node is the distance from the root node to that particular node.(Bottom to top)
(number of ancestors excluding itself)
Height: The height of the node is the distance from that node to the deepest node of that subtree.(Top to bottom)

7.	How many options are there for Tree Transversal?
A tree can be transversed in TWO  ways: Breadth first or Depth first.

8.	How do we transvers Breadth First Search (BFS) -Level Order?
Breadth first - in a leveled order Starting at the root going down one level at a time.
I n order to transvers breadth first we need to another data structure to hold the values while we visit each level.
Usually QUEUE is used.

9.	How do we tranavers Depth First Search (DFS)?
DFS starts at the depth and goes subtree by subtree based on the order you select.

10.	How do we transverse Pre-Order?
Root, Left, Right

11.	How do we transverse In-Order?
 Left, Root, Right

12.	How do we transverse Post-Order?
 Left, Right, Root

